Dear Minh Ha Duong,

Thank you for submitting your paper "History of climate finance as an economic object: accounting categories, controversies, and economists as policy experts" to Œconomia – History / Methodology / Philosophy's upcoming special issue and workshop "History of Climate Economics."

We were really fortunate to receive a great number of submissions (about 50). The guest editors of the special issue had thus to make a particularly selective choice, retaining only the most promising and most relevant proposals.

We are thus very sorry for not being able to select your paper to be part of this special issue. Since you already submitted one other paper (with a different set of co-authors), the editors decided to withhold only one of the two (the one they found most fitting with the topic of the special issue).

However, considering the quality of your proposal "History of climate finance as an economic object: accounting categories, controversies, and economists as policy experts" and its relevance with respect to the general scope of Œconomia, we encourage you to consider submitting your paper to our journal, independently from the special issue, as a "Varia" contribution.

If you decide to do so, we would be happy to receive your paper at your earliest convenience (you can simply upload it on the platform as a "revision" to your abstract) and to carry out speedily the usual evaluation process (thus, ultimate acceptance for publication is not guaranteed). Let me know (francesco.sergi@u-pec.fr) whether you are willing to try this, or if you have any further questions.

In any case, thank you for considering Œconomia for publishing your work.

Best regards,

 

Francesco Sergi

Managing Editor

Œconomia – History / Methodology / Philosophy

francesco.sergi@u-pec.fr


---------------------------------------------------------

Œconomia - History / Méthodology / Philosophy

http://journals.sfu.ca/oeconomia

https://journals.openedition.org/oeconomia/

For assistance, please contact Œconomia's Managing Editor Francesco Sergi (francesco.sergi@u-pec.fr).
